---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to DinkDonk Bot documentation.
navigation:
  icon: i-lucide-house
seo:
  title: Introduction
  description: How to set up and use DinkDonk Bot.
---

## What is DinkDonk Bot?

DinkDonk Bot is a Discord bot designed to enhance your streaming experience by providing seamless integration with Twitch and Kick platforms. It offers features like live notifications, multistream support, interactive games, and emote management.

## Key Features

- **Stream Notifications**: Get instant notifications when your favorite streamers go live on Twitch or Kick. Customize messages, set ping roles, and never miss a stream again.
- **Multistream Support**: For streamers who broadcast on both Twitch and Kick, DinkDonk Bot can merge notifications into a single unified message, reducing spam and keeping your channels clean.
- **Clip Highlights**: Stay engaged with hourly updates featuring the latest clips from your favorite Twitch streamers. Perfect for catching the best moments you might have missed.
- **Emote Management**: Expand your server's emote collection by adding emotes from 7TV or stealing them from other Discord servers with just a few clicks.
- **Interactive Games**: Keep your community entertained with built-in games like hangman, rock paper scissors, and dice rolling.
- **Utility Commands**: Access helpful tools like weather updates, world time, Discord timestamp creation, and coin flips..

## Why Choose DinkDonk Bot?

- **Easy to Use**: Simple slash commands make setup a breeze
- **Highly Customizable**: Tailor notifications and messages to fit your server's style
- **Multi-Platform**: Support for both Twitch and Kick streaming platforms
- **Active Development**: Regular updates and new features
- **Free**: All features available at no cost

## Getting Started
Ready to add DinkDonk Bot to your server? Check out the [Installation guide](/getting-started/installation) to get started in minutes.

## Need Help?

- Join our support server for assistance and to connect with other users: [DinkDonk Bot Support](https://discord.gg/NuY7Tnrb6F).
- Report issues on GitHub [here](https://github.com/svglol/dinkdonkbot/issues)
- Use /help command in Discord for quick reference
